kami name is Reba we are from China and
we are the biggest one of LCD monitor
manufacturers in China and we take more
than eighty percent market share in
China market and now we are also selling
to the global markets
we have full range LCD monitors from the
pump camera particle one in a rack
mounts to the desktop for the editing
one
here this time at ibc we have a new
model the smaller one yeah this one is
just a good match for canon 5d and 7d
and the other psl our cameras and he has
hdmi in and out for the DSR and also it
has HD and SD SD I in an article to rule
for the big matters p for example Sony
and Panasonic is jealousy etc and the
most important thing is that we have an
extra function in this smaller one that
is hdmi in look through stl this man
that means and we make a different
version from HDMI to SDI beauty in the
monitor so we are the first one in the
world to make this available in the
small monitor
other features for this one it has a
convertible Sam hood
and you can remote a knife like this
also you can take it off like this and
one
and for this smaller size it has a high
resolution
spent in ur life already it is same as
the bigger camera resolution so what it
means the high resolution on a high
picture quality on a smaller size and
also it is a widescreen angle what we
angle you can see different from
different side everything parasite is ok
see here in this
and also it has a picks out of EXO to
zoom in the picture
black and white turret the Shatner's to
do the focus assistance
and it has 4 x 365 9 letterbox out of
the factory ratio and it has a lock
function you hope this lock key for
three seconds it is locked then you
cannot
control any keys to keep the settings
and out it for 30 seconds again
you can change we can
patterns lounge
yes
so now for this one it is an all-in-one
small camera because no monitor for both
the DSR with hdmi and also professional
cameras like Sony Panasonic curve with
the HD SDI